well well it's time to see if you're
smarter than these people I show you
today you get one point for each crack
case and seven seconds to get to the
bottom of it track your points to see
what happens
at the end of the video Mike and Susie
are both crossing the street while a car
is approaching Mike is walking and
texting while Susy is browsing through
her phone while riding her bike one of
them isn't smart but who it's Susie the
cutter approach is closer to her
actually Mike shouldn't be texting and
walking either but Sarah and Maria are
spending the afternoon with their sons
Sarah took her boy to the swimming pool
and Maria is driving there with her son
to meet them who should think twice
about their actions
Maria her son isn't wearing a seat belt
in the front seat and if she breaks he
could get hurt John and Lindsay are
participating in an extreme selfie
competition
John is posing with a large wave right
behind him while Lindsay is standing at
the bottom of an erupting volcano can
you guess who's in danger
[Music]
it's John lava flows slower than water
and Lindsey has enough time to run Daisy
and Clare are driving their cars to work
Daisy is distracted putting on lipstick
while Claire is trying to eat her
noodles with a fork
who's not smart here both of them
actually but I'll give the edge to
Claire Forks are pointing and she could
be injured if she breaks suddenly Jenna
and Alice took their kiss to the park
Jenna is on the phone while her son is
playing with his toy truck and Alice's
kids are trying to build a snowman while
she takes selfies one of the moms isn't
clever can you guess which it's Alice
her kids are too far away from and there
are cracks in the ice jenna is very
close to her son and she can protect him
the Johnston's and the Smiths are
spending some quality time at home the
Johnston's are busy watching a movie
while their kid is near the cat food The
Smiths are doing some gardening while
the baby is closer to earthworms which
of the kids is in more danger
[Music]
The Smiths baby worms carry a lot of
bacteria that can be transferred to
humans these two travelers are so tired
they fell asleep on the job
sali fell asleep while driving a car
while Marc passed out while piloting an
aircraft whose decision isn't smart
[Music]
sally's when one pilot is asleep the
copilot can take over but sleeping while
behind the car wheel is a lot more
dangerous Phillip and Diane went
swimming Diane wants to practice
becoming a surfer while Phillip just
wants to chill in the lake one of them
is making a big mistake can you see it
[Music]
it's Phillip the sign says that the
river is infested with alligators Diane
can easily surf in large waves while
there's a storm Sean and Maggie went for
their afternoon walk Maggie finished
shopping and is taking a shortcut
through the forest while Sean went to
the park for some fresh air they're both
approaching a broken bridge who will
fall in
Maggie Shan is holding a white cane and
he'll understand there's no ground a few
inches away but Maggie is distracted and
looking straight ahead instead of at the
ground George and Mindy are both walking
through a construction site Mindy is
walking with her daughter while George
is alone there's a hole in the middle of
the payment but it seems nobody has seen
it which of the two is in danger George
the daughter is holding her mom's hand
and if she falls in Mindy will pull her
out Lucas and Sam are participating in a
selfie challenge
Lucas poses with someone who fell off of
a boat in a stormy ocean Sam is snapping
photos of herself in front of a house on
fire
who isn't acting smart Lucas he's the
only one to help the person battling the
waters while in Sam's photo the
firetruck is already there both Alice
and Liam are spending time with their
sons Alice is ready to cross a very busy
street to get to the park while Liam
shows the moon and stars to his son one
of the parents is making a big mistake
can you see which
Liam Alice is holding her son's hand
Liam let his boys stand on the railings
without holding him Ashley and Mary were
walking in the forest when they spotted
some barriers each picked a different
plant to feed on but one of them didn't
make a smart decision guess who it's
Ashley there's an unconscious bird next
to the plant which indicates it's
poisonous the endangered plant seeds
can't be eaten
Lucy and Jack are both doing work on two
different buildings
Lucy is sitting outside on the second
floor trying to clean the window jack is
climbing down an apartment complex which
of the two is less clever
[Music]
Jack even if he's wearing a helmet the
height difference is enough to injure it
Joanna and are spending the day at
home
Joanna is doing her spring cleaning
while is trying to feed her son
which of the two should rethink their
actions there's no danger if the
vacuum cleaner isn't plugged in but it
isn't a good idea to feed babies chunks
of chicken with a knife and a fork
Michael is ready to break into a house
that has a dog karen is putting the
jacket on her daughter in the middle of
the street who is in more danger Karen
and her daughter they're kneeling and
don't see the car approaching while
Michael can spot if there's a dog in the
yard or not Jason went to the water park
with his son Jake is a firefighter and
was called to put out of fire now Jason
is on the phone while a boy behind him
struggles to stay on the surface of the
pool jake is putting out a fire on a
tree which of the two isn't bright Jason
he's on the phone and can't hear the boy
behind him jake is putting out the fire
on the tree to prevent it from spreading
to the forest
Ruth is spending the evening with her
grandson and Adam went camping
Ruth spotted a cockroach and begins
spreading pesticides everywhere
Adam spray deodorant all over him next
to a fire who is less intelligent
[Music]
it's Ruth even though Jason sprayed
something in a pressurized can next to a
fire he's still in an open space but
Ruth is with a baby in an enclosed house
filled with harsh chemicals Simon and
Kyle are at the train station
Simon is sliding backward down the stair
railings while taking selfies Kyle is
sitting on the platform with his legs
extending over the train track which of
the two isn't sharp witted Kyle Simon
can see behind him with his phone and
even if he falls he'll be safe
but Kyle is distracted on his phone and
can't see the train coming if he falls
in the tracks there won't be enough time
for him to get out Dan and Josh are
spending their Saturday evening at home
Dan went to cut some wood with a shovel
well Josh started a fire in the bathroom
one of them is making a huge mistake
tell me who it's Josh an indoor fire on
carpet is not a good idea
cutting wood with a shovel may be
impossible but it's safe Mary and Linda
took their babies for a walk Mary took
her son to the beach while Linda took
her daughter to the park where it
started to rain they both have umbrellas
but which mom isn't bright
[Music]
it's Mary without protection her son
will get a painful sunburn Susan and
April are spending their weekends with
their daughters Susan took her daughter
to the beach a huge tornado is
approaching and she's taking selfies
April put her baby in a bathtub and
she's taking selfies without looking at
her baby which mother isn't smart Susan
her daughter is exposed to dangerous
weather in the ocean while April can
reach and grab her daughter in case
something happens
Olivia and Barbara are pregnant and they
want to have some fun before giving
birth Olivia went to have an acupuncture
session while Barbara went waterskiing
who should rethink their actions Barbara
acupuncture is safe during pregnancy
while waterskiing is dangerous Mary and
Richard are going on a riding trip while
their friend charlie is riding alone one
of the two motorcyclists is making a
huge mistake
can you see who
it's Richard it's more dangerous to ride
with your eyes closed than without a
helmet
Valery and Nicole must cut down some
tree branches
they both climbed on the same branch and
started sawing the wood one of them
isn't making an intelligent decision
oh it's Valery
she's cutting the part of the branch
they're sitting on
while Nicole is sawing the outside
branch time for your results if you've
got seventeen to twenty five points then
you're a YouTube detective your task is
the post the most unique riddle you can
think of in the comment if you have
eight to sixteen points then you need
some more practice your task is to reply
to one of the hard riddles in the
comments to train our brain for one to
seven point getters you need a lot of
practice you should watch more riddle
videos to sharpen your skills but hey
you're still smarter than some of the
dummies in these riddles the takeaway
here is don't do dumb things for selfies
really